as I mentioned earlier we have an
eclectic mix of guests tonight so I
wanted to figure out a way to bring them
together and I think we have here now
with the reading of the actual lyrics
from our Kelley's song genius from the
forthcoming album black panties I give
you mi Golden Globe and BAFTA nominee
Benedict Cumberbatch
body's so freakin soft
I can't wait to turn you on you got me
like la la la la la baby is how you make
me feel baby I can feel your body
flowers while I'm kissing on your thighs
you got me like la la la la baby
anticipation so crazy I'll be good to
you promise while making love to you
promise go to sleep and when we wake up
i'ma hit that thing again
thank you thank you better watch your
back - chains Cumberbatch's in town